45 Terraform commands?
    https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/the-ultimate-terraform-cheatsheet
    
```
Some of the most useful Terraform commands are:

terraform init - initializes the current directory
terraform refresh - refreshes the state file
terraform output - views Terraform outputs
terraform apply - applies the Terraform code and builds stuff
terraform destroy - destroys what has been built by Terraform
terraform graph - creates a DOT-formatted graph
terraform plan - a dry run to see what Terraform will do
terraform validate - validate code for syntax
terraform fmt - format code
terraform terraform apply --auto-approve - apply changes without being prompted to enter “yes”
terraform destroy --auto-approve - destroy/cleanup deployment without being prompted for “yes”
terraform apply -lock=true - lock the state file so it can’t be modified by any other Terraform apply
terraform refresh - reconcile the state in Terraform state file with real-world resources
terraform providers - get information about providers used in current configuration
terraform workspace list - list out all workspaces
terraform state list - list out all the resources tracked via the current state file
terraform version - display Terraform binary version, also warns if version is old
terraform get -update=true - download and update modules in the “root” module
terraform taint aws_instance.my_ec2 - taints resource to be recreated on next apply
terraform untaint aws_instance.my_ec2 - Remove taint from a resource
terraform show - he show command shows the current state of a saved plan
```

Give the terraform configuration for creating a single EC2 instance on AWS.
This is the Terraform configuration for creating a single EC2 instance on AWS:

provider “aws” {

region = “”}

resource “aws_instance”

“example” {

ami = ""

instance_type = ""

tags {

 Name = "example"}
 
 The terraform taint command informs Terraform that a particular object has become degraded or damaged. Terraform represents this by marking the object as "tainted" in the Terraform state, and Terraform will propose to replace it in the next plan you create
 Terraform untaint Manually unmark a resource as tainted, restoring it as the primary instance in the state. This reverses either a manual 'terraform taint' or the result of provisioners failing on a resource. ... This command changes your state to unmark a resource as tainted.
 
 50 what is the use of terraform state file ?
    Terraform stores information about your infrastructure in a state file. This state file keeps track of resources created by your configuration and maps them to real-world resources.
    
51 What happens if you delete Terraform state file?
    Terraform will search the state for any instances matching the given resource address, and remove the record of each one so that Terraform will no longer be tracking the corresponding remote objects
    
52 Is it necessary to have a state file for the Terraform functions to work?
    Purpose of Terraform State. State is a necessary requirement for Terraform to function. It is often asked if it is possible for Terraform to work without state, or for Terraform to not use state and just inspect cloud resources on every run
    
53 When Terraform state file is created?
    When we build infrastructure with terraform configuration, a state file gets created in the local workspace directory named “terraform. tfstate”. This state file contains information about the provisioned infrastructure which terraform manage
    
54 How do I roll back a Terraform state file?
    There is no way to roll back to a previous state
    
55 Can I delete terraform state file?
    The terraform state rm command
    
56 How to update terrafomr state file ?
    -refresh-only option
    
57 How do I use Tfswitch?
    You can switch between different versions of terraform
    
58 How do I delete a resource from terraform state?
    you need to remove the resource from the state file by running terraform state rm <resource-id>, and then you need to delete the associated configuration from your codebase. After that, you can run init, plan command and you will see no changes are required.
    
59 How do I clear Terraform cache?
    Remove local cache by running rm -rf . terraform
